Add a security section (#861)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/development/database/db.md

`_DB_PREFIX_` will be automatically prefixed to the table name.

The result is boolean saying if the request was properly executed or not.

### Security

To prevent SQL injection, make sure variables used in queries are correctly escaped: 
 * cast with `(int)` for integers
 * use `pSQL()` for strings

> The `bqSQL()` function can also be used. Note that it escapes the `\`` character, then it calls `pSQL()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `bqSQL()` function can also be used. Note that it escapes the ``` ` ``` character, then it calls `pSQL()`.
```

`_DB_PREFIX_` will be automatically prefixed to the table name.

The result is boolean saying if the request was properly executed or not.

### Security

> To avoid SQL injection, make sure to cast or sanitize your variables: use (int) for integers and pSQL() for strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent SQL injection, make sure variables used in queries are correctly escaped: 
 * cast with `(int)` for integers
 * use `pSQL()` for strings
```

> bqSQL() can also be used. Note that it escape the ` character and calls pSQL().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `bqSQL()` function can also be used. Note that it escapes the `\`` character, then it calls `pSQL()`.
```
